Comment																																																																						Perhaps	the	opening	hour	of	KGC	should	be	extended	to	that	of	LKS?																																																										Appreciative	of	the	online	databases.	Provides	"good,"	concrete	sources	that	are	difficult	to	find	otherwise.																																																								Could	have	more	chairs																																																																			Keep	up	the	good	work.																																																																		Provide	more	attempts	for	the	quiz.																																																																	Very	conducive	environment	to	study	in!																																																																	The	library	courses	are	really	helpful!																																																																	Implementation	of	table	booking	system	to	prevent	hoggers	in	library																																																													The	library	bite	sized	courses	were	very	useful	throughout	the	semester.	I	hope	to	attend	them	again!!!																																																						It	can	be	rather	unconducive	as	the	library	gets	crowded	and	seats	are	taken	even	if	the	person	is	away	for	some	time																																																I	honestly	find	the	library	online	databases	useful!																																																															it	is	conducive	for	studying																																																																		the	library	is	very	conducive!																																																																		Yes.	I	love	the	library	a	"lot,"	especially	the	law	library	as	it	provides	a	very	conducive	place	for	me	to	do	my	work	and	for	my	group	to	conduct	our	project	meetings.	I	think	what	is	lacking	is	that	the	Year	1s	are	not	known	to	the	materials	and	resources	that	the	library	has	and	they	do	not	know	how	to	get	the	"resources,"	be	it	online	or	hardcopy	materials.It	would	be	really	helpful	if	there	are	big	staplers	with	stapler	bullets	stationed	at	each	printing	room.	If	you're	concerned	about	people	stealing	"them,"	you	can	attach	a	string	to	the	stapler.																																						The	atmosphere	of	the	library	is	quiet	and	conducive	place	to	study.																																																											Thank	you	for	conducting	the	bite-sized	workshops.	They	are	useful.																																																													the	library	is	very	nice																																																																		"No,"	as	I	have	missed	out	the	workshop	that	teaches	us	to	search	library	online	databases																																																							Only	positive	ones(:																																																																				Library	sometimes	have	like	alot	of	noisy	people.	There	should	be	librarian	going	around	to	ask	those	people	to	shut	up.																																																		need	more	study	space																																																																			I	hope	library	can	expand	the	lending	hour	for	the	textbook.																																																												I	like	the	ambiance	and	the	conclusive	environment	it	provides.																																																													I	feel	that	it	would	be	better	to	simplify	the	school	search	database	so	that	its	more	accessible	and	user-friendly.																																																			I	need	a	short	orientation	during	the	semester	break	to	teach	me	how	to	use	the	library	efficiently	like	finding	of	books	etc.																																																reserve	section	should	extend	hours	for	borrowing	of	"books,"	3	hours	too	short																																																										LKS	and	KGC	is	"awesome.Perhaps,"	KGC	could	extend	its	operating	hours?																																																												There	should	be	an	auto	APA	function	IN	THE	WORLD																																																													Sometimes	a	tad	bit	too	noisy																																																																	The	talks	were	very	helpful.																																																																		perhaps	not	play	the	song	when	it	is	closing	time.	it	is	an	irritant	for	"me,"	but	i	cannot	speak	on	behalf	of	everyone.	it	is	loud	and	rather	invasive	and	during	the	playing	of	the	song	library-goers	would	tend	to	be	noisy	as	well.																										The	library	is	very	conducive	for	"studying,"	wish	that	it'll	open	slightly	earlier	on	Sundays																																																								The	library	have	help	prepared	me	well	for	my	PWR	assignments.																																																												I	hope	that	books	placed	overnight	to	reserve	seats	for	the	next	day	will	be	"remove,"	thank	you.																																																					All	good																																																																					more	study	"spaces,"	please																																																																			The	SMU	Library	is	an	excellent	place	to	be	in	however	the	spaces	are	really	limited	as	compared	to	other	libraries.	in	"addition,"	the	library	resources	provides	ease	in	researching	for	credible	and	reliable	sources	for	our	projects.																																	KGC	Opening	hours	should	be	the	same	as	LKS.																																																														the	air	con	temperature	is	always	very	cold																																																															Lighting	can	be	improved	on	L2-4																																																																	resources	(online	&	offline)	are	adequate	for	students	to	conduct	research																																																												I	still	feel	like	most	students	don't	know	about	the	commcoaches																																																												Lots	of	seat	hogging...																																																																			thanks	for	having	info	sessions	about	citations	:-)	i	attended	the	one	about	Zotero	and	it	is	quite	helpful!																																																				Workshops	are	very	useful!																																																																			went	for	a	library	workshop/	session	to	find	credible	sources	and	the	librarian	was	really	friendly	and	helpful	:)																																																				Library	offers	good	videos	that	teach	us	how	to	avoid	plagiarism	and	make	reference.	I	found	them	quite	useful.	Appreciate	for	the	effort!																																																Too	many	seat	hogging	not	enough	space	to	study																																																														i	wish	i	can	learn	more	about	how	to	use	the	database																																																											Sometimes	the	specific	information	can	be	hard	to	find.																																																														i	feel	that	the	library	has	been	an	awesome	supporting	force	to	the	students	!																																																								Thanks	for	the	great	resources!																																																																		